Asm syntax pragma (#23119)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/manual_experimental.md

```

It gives an error: method `foo` can be defined only in the same module with its type (Base).

> inlineAsmSyntax pragma

Reviewer: Instead name it `asmSyntax` pragma everywhere.

================

> `asmSyntax` pragma allowing specify target inline assembler syntax in `asm` stmt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `asmSyntax` pragma is used to specify target inline assembler syntax in an `asm` statement.
```

It prevents compiling code with different of the target CC inline asm syntax, i.e. it will not allow gcc inline asm code to be compiled with vcc.

```nim
proc nothing() =
  asm {.asmSyntax: "gcc".}"""
    nop
  """
```

> The current C(C++) backend implementation cannot generate code for gcc and for vcc at the same time. For example, `{.asmSyntax: "vcc".}` with the ICC compiler will not generate code with intel asm syntax, even though ICC can use both gcc-like asm and vcc-like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current C(C++) backend implementation cannot generate code for gcc and for vcc at the same time. For example, `{.asmSyntax: "vcc".}` with the ICC compiler will not generate code with intel asm syntax, even though ICC can use both gcc-like and vcc-like asm.
```
